c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_UsersWebApiTest_Module3
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.deps.json
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.exe
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTest.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.AdapterUtilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.deps.json
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.pdb
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.pdb
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWeb.735DA4F2.Up2Date
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.pdb
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\moal\source\repos\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.pdb
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_UsersWebApiTest_Module3
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTest.TestAdapter.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.MSTestAdapter.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.AdapterUtilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.deps.json
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.exe
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.deps.json
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.pdb
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.resources.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.dll
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApi_Module3.pdb
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.TestFramework.Extensions.xml
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWeb.735DA4F2.Up2Date
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\moal\Documents\Teaching_AArhus\Undervisning efterår 2025\Agil udvikling\Modul 5\UsersWebApi_Module3\UsersWebApiTest_Module3\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\UsersWebApiTest_Module3.dll
